Mom and Dad are here
You don't greet your uncles and aunts either.
Why are you here?
At first I thought you disliked me for marrying into the country
Think I'm ashamed and won't give me a wedding
Miss you how can you say that
When did I dislike you for marrying into the countryside?
Is there any difference between the country and the city?
Then why don't you let Lin Sisi marry?
Do you want me to marry you?
I said how did Lin Sisi escape marriage?
It turns out that I don't like the countryside
Ready to go back to town
If you don't marry yourself, force others to marry
This family is too selfish
Nian Nian is so pitiful
Some people said before that he was greedy for the property of the piglet.
It turned out to be forced by the adoptive parents
Don't say that
My adoptive parents just feel sorry for their biological daughter
I don't want him to leave the house.
I can understand.
You shut up
Don't talk nonsense.
Mrs. Si is so majestic
Dare to hit the bride at the wedding scene
Director Li, don't be angry
This is all ignorance
Just made my wife angry
Hey
My wife couldn't help but hit him
Nian Nian just said
You look down on country people who refuse to marry their daughters
The dirty thoughts of refusing to return the dowry
You get angry and hit people
Is that so?
You dislike the country and dislike Xiao Zhou like this
Am I wrong?
Who would want to marry in this backcountry?
Why are you still wearing a military uniform?
Can this skirt be hung casually?